Overriding and Hiding : Overriding is when the base type marks the members as virtual, allowing the derived types to redefine functionality ( using override keyword)

Hiding is when the base type does not mark its members as virtual, and the derived type would have to redefine functionalities, then it can hide the definition by using the same signature as that of the base type but prefixing with a 'new' keyword

Abstract class : is a class that has at least one abstract method. 
                 Can include non abstract methods also
                 Cannot be instantiated
                 Can be inherited
                 Inherited class will provide implementation to the abstract methods


Abstract method : is a method that has only declaration/signature and no implementation


    Base Type  Abstract
               1.  public abstract void method1(); // abstract method
               2.  public virtual void method2() { "hi"; } // non abstract virtual method
               3.  public void method3(){"hello";} // non abstract non-virtual method

    Sub Type : Base Type
               1. public override void method1(){  } // compulsory implementation
               2. may or may not override method2()  // optional override
               3. may not do anything or 
                      redefine the method3() with a new keyword  // method hiding

With Base type object referring to sub type then
             method1() of subtype will be executed
             method2() of base type will be executed if the subtype has not overridden, else method2() of subtype will be executed
             method3() of base type only will be executed

with subtype object
                 method1() of subtype will be executed
                method2() of base type will be executed if the subtype has not overridden, else method2() of subtype will be executed
                 method3() of subtype will be executed


Indexers : allows an object to be indexed as an array. When we define indexers for a class, the class behaves similar to virtual array. We can access them using array accessor of the object as ([]).
           Declaration and behaviour of an indexer is to some extent similar to a property
           We have get and set accessors
           We do not have any name unlike properties, and uses the 'this' keyword (current object)
           While properties return or set a specific data member, indexers returns or sets a particular value from the object instance ( basically it breaks the instance data into smaller parts and indexes each part and gets and sets each part
      